stardate 50074.3.
Captain's Log,
JANEWAY:
We have detected evidence
recently appeared
that a wormhole
in a nearby solar system.
and then disappeared
We're on our way there
to investigate.
Based on the residual
neutrino levels,
I'd estimate it's been
at least six months
since the wormhole's
last appearance.
From the dispersal pattern
of the interstellar plasma,
it isn't fixed.
it looks like
It seems to be traveling
through space.
It may not be fixed
on this end,
same location more than once,
but if it's shown up in the
it's possible its exit point
is constant
around the Delta Quadrant
and it's wagging
like the tail on a dog.
Approaching
PARIS:
the last-known coordinates
of the wormhole, Captain.
All stop. Mr. Kim, initiate
continuous neutrino scans.
Aye, Captain.
scan the planets
Mr. Tuvok,
in this system
for life signs.
someone around here
Maybe there's
some helpful information.
who can give us
an M-Class atmosphere
I am picking up
TUVOK:
on the second planet.
Humanoid life signs.
However, metallurgic
a preindustrial civilization.
analysis indicates
A Bronze-Age level
of technology.
Curious, Captain.
What is?
I'm detecting evidence
that these people
with the Alpha Quadrant.
have had contact
What kind of evidence?
It is a modulated
energy discharge
that appears to be consistent
with the recent use...
of a replicator.
If they've got
a replicator,
the wormhole leads
it could mean
to the Alpha Quadrant
traveled through it.
and that someone's
your enthusiasm, Ensign,
I appreciate
in too much speculation,
but before we indulge
we can back up
let's see if
your assumptions
with some facts.
I want you and Lieutenant Paris
Commander Chakotay,
to go down to that planet
and have a look around.
Launch a high-resolution
reconnaissance probe
to gather information
about the local population's
dress and appearance.
Aye, Captain.
In the meantime, Ensign,
why don't you
get started on a phase profile
and Lieutenant Torres
of this elusive wormhole's
neutrino emissions.
Let's see if we can confirm that
it leads to the Alpha Quadrant.
stardate 50074.5.
Captain's Log,
Based on information provided
by the probe,
we have replicated local attire
for Commander Chakotay
and Lieutenant Paris.
They have gone to the surface
to investigate.
This is where we picked up
a replicator signature?
Hard to believe,
isn't it?
"Oh, those many years ago,
"the people's hearts
were sad and low,
to the city came.
"then the Sages
"They came upon a burning flame.
"Just as the seer
said they would,
"they lifted
Takar's blinding hood."
Well...
what did you think?
It was...
uh, very nice.
Nice?
I'll wager you've never heard
"The Song of the Sages"
or faithfully recited.
more beautifully
He's got a point.
"The Song of the Sages"
We have never heard
more beautifully recited.
the first verse is free,
As you know,
but the next verse will
cost you three frangs.
I'm sorry. Not today.
But I need money...
for ointment for my eye.
Please, gentlemen...
Oh, go away, old man.
Can't you see?
These are men of commerce.
They have no business
with your silly poems.
you both have very fine shoes.
And may I say, gentlemen,
Excuse me?
you can tell a great deal
Well, the Sages say
about a man from his shoes,
that you're men of refinement...
and I can tell from your shoes
affluence.
got to be going.
We've really
Well, you're obviously
new in Takar.
MALE:
Perhaps I could
interest you in some property.
No, thank you.
We're not planning
on settling here.
What about some transportation?
The Sages say "time's an asset."
And you shouldn't
waste your assets
walking everywhere you go.
those fine shoes of yours.
You'd be wearing out
( chuckles )
really not interested.
I'm sorry, but we're
Tom?
Excuse me.
I'm picking up a narrow-band
EM dampening field
around that building.
some sort of temple.
It looks like
Then I'd say the temple's
where we ought to look.
Oh, thank the Sages
I found you.
You can't enter the temple
without wearing your ears.
thought I told you...
Look, friend, I
"wearing your ears?"
What do you mean
( chuckles )
You're really not Takarian,
are you?
Nobody visits the temple
without displaying
at least one ear.
It must be some
sort of fetish.
If you're not wearing an ear,
you could be fined,
even arrested.
Wouldn't want that to happen.
And let me guess.
It just so happens
a couple of these ears.
that you could sell us
As a matter of fact...
I can.
Captain's Log, supplemental.
to join Lieutenant Torres
I've been asked
in the Science Lab
and Ensign Kim
to hear what they've termed
as "very exciting news."
We've been able to confirm
KIM:
that the wormhole does lead
to the Alpha Quadrant.
that on this end,
The problem is
it's jumping from point
to point so quickly
that even at maximum warp,
its next probable location,
by the time we got to
it would be gone.
So we were thinking
the ship to the wormhole,
if you can't bring
bring the wormhole
to the ship.
instability at our location
We've detected a subspace
wormhole's last appearance here.
that's a result of the
and polarize that instability,
If we could somehow amplify
the wormhole to reappear.
we might be able to get
Sort of like using a magnet
to move a compass needle.
The question is:
how do we polarize
the instability?
Uh, we haven't figured
that part out yet.
Gentlemen, as the Sages say,
your goods are now my goods.
And my feet
are now cold.
Perhaps I could
discounted mining futures.
interest you in some
Don't push your luck.
You know, so far,
I can't say that I like
this town very much.
( loud clang )
On the other hand...
My friends...
the Holy Sages.
Behold...
the Holy Icon.
( crowd gasping )
Greed is eternal.
ALL:
have you learned from the Sages?
Now what other wisdom
MALE:
"A wise man can hear
profit in the wind."
can hear profit in the wind.
A wise man
ALL:
Chakotay to Voyager.
Janeway here.
We found the replicator,
Captain.
A wise man can hear profit
in the wind.
ALL:
in our great beneficence,
And now, dear friends,
MALE:
we will allow you
to come forward
and glorify our generosity.
to honor our greatness
Approach the Holy Sages.
and speak your heart.
Approach your gods
Ehh!
I am a sandal maker
quarter of the city.
from the poorest
The laziest, you mean.
Speak, my friend.
What is your business
with the Sages?
I am in need of assistance.
My sandal shop is failing.
I can no longer feed my family.
Same old song.
and her mother,
My wife,
my five children, the baby.
eight, if you count the infant.
That's seven employees--
How can your shop be failing?
You're not paying them, are you?
My mother-in-law is ill.
My children are very young.
none of them are working.
Oh. Don't tell me
Ignorant, lobeless fools!
Exploitation begins at home.
ALL:
I understand my mistake
to begin exploiting my family
and I promise
before the end of the day,
but could I have some food
and some medicine?
Ohh!
Until my business improves.
You shall have something
far more valuable--
of The Rules of Acquisition.
one copy
Cheapest binding possible.
That'll be ten frangs.
But I...
You may return tomorrow.
That's all for today.
Captain's Log, supplemental.
The away team has returned
very disturbing observations
with some
about the situation
on the planet.
It seems the people
have a myth--
CHAKOTAY:
"The Song of the Sages,"
an epic poem called
which predicts the arrival
from the sky, the Sages,
of two demigods
who would rule over the people
as benevolent protectors.
anything but benevolent.
But these Ferengi are
What they've done is co-opt
the local mythology
by using advanced technology
like the replicator
to convince the people
that they're the two Sages
spoken of in the poem.
being Ferengi,
Of course,
co-opted the mythology.
they haven't just
the market... on everything.
They've cornered
It's disgusting, Captain.
in a palatial temple,
The two Ferengi live
while the people are lucky to
have a roof over their heads.
Apparently, it wasn't
always like that.
According to the
people that we met,
before the
Ferengi came,
the society may have
been primitive,
but it was flourishing.
What I'd like to know
is how two Ferengi got
to the Delta Quadrant.
into that. Mr. Tuvok.
We've been looking
According to Starfleet
computer records,
approximately seven years ago,
Enterprise hosted negotiations
the Federation Starship
of the Barzan wormhole.
for ownership
Included among the bidding
parties were two Ferengi--
known as Arridor and Kol.
minor functionaries
And this Barzan wormhole--
we've discovered now?
it's the same one
but we've confirmed
Apparently,
what nobody knew
at the time.
The wormhole is fixed
in the Alpha Quadrant,
but in the Delta Quadrant,
it jumps around.
to be worthless.
It turned out
were not aware of that,
But the Ferengi
and during a nefarious attempt
the wormhole for themselves,
to secure
deposited in the Delta Quadrant.
they were pulled into it and
Now that we've found them, what
are we going to do with them?
Well, I certainly don't intend
to leave them here
to continue exploiting
an innocent society.
coming with getting
How are you two
the wormhole back here
and reopened?
We've been bombarding the area
of the subspace instability
with verteron particles.
So far, everything is going
according to plan,
but it's tricky.
There are a hundred factors
it from this sector--
that could deflect
a gravimetric shift,
a solar flare...
And even if we're lucky
enough to get it here,
it won't be around
for long.
We'll have a very short
window of opportunity
to get through.
Well, if we can get
the wormhole here,
we'll be taking two additional
passengers with us.
We'll turn them over to Ferengi
authorities when we get there.
I must remind you
Captain,
TUVOK:
members of the Federation.
that the Ferengi are not
by the Prime Directive,
They are not bound
that the Prime Directive
nor would it seem
would allow us to interfere
with the internal affairs
of this society,
of what the Ferengi are doing.
as much as we may disapprove
The Federation did host
the negotiations,
for those negotiations,
and if it weren't
the Ferengi wouldn't be here.
So one could say...
without being unreasonable,
I think,
that the Federation is partially
responsible for what's happened
and therefore, duty bound
to correct the situation.
interpretation, Captain.
That is a most logical
FERENGI:
143...
144...
145...
146...
147, 148...
Profits from the Ga'nah Province
are down.
Hmm?
Are you listening to me?
I said profits from the Ga'nah
Province are down.
Down?!
Profits are down?
Hey, both of you
leave me alone.
to conduct business here?
Can't you see I'm trying
I'm... sorry...
It's just that...
Arridor.
they can't get enough
of my lobes.
Where were we?
Profits are down?
Oh, yeah.
And what are we going to do
about it?
What are you looking at me for?
Ask that idiot Kafar.
He's in charge of collections
in the Ga'nah Province.
Kafar!
You called, Great Sage?
What is the 95th Rule
of Acquisition?
Huh!
"Expand or die"?
better than you do.
He knows the rules
He does not.
And where is it
to expand... this month?
we've been trying
Province, Great Sage.
Into the Ga'nah
And who is in charge
of collections
in the Ga'nah Province?
I am, Great Sage.
Then why are profits down,
you idiot?!
Where's our money?!
Please forgive me,
Lesser Sage.
Oh, I told you to stop
calling me...
Who are you?
Captain Kathryn Janeway
of the Federation
starship Voyager.
The Federation?
Let me handle this.
♪Shut up, Kol.
What, may I ask
is the Federation doing
in the Delta Quadrant?
but suffice it to say,
It's a long story,
we've been stranded here
for the past two years.
We're on our way back
to the Alpha Quadrant
and we're taking
you with us.
This is an outrage.
We won't allow you
to tr...
You're crazy.
It would take decades
to get back from here.
Show them,
Mr. Tuvok.
We have been bombarding
a local subspace instability
with verteron particles.
according to plan,
If all goes
the Barzan wormhole
at our present location
should reopen
in a matter
of hours.
And if all doesn't go
according to plan?
you're coming with us.
One way or another,
We've been kidnapped.
Snatched...
from the embrace of bliss.
It's all over.
No more limitless profits...
no more unquestioning adulation
of the masses...
no more
quadruple lobe rubs.
If I'm not mistaken, Captain,
the Federation has rules,
and those rules forbid you
with indigenous cultures.
to interfere
your interference?
What about
these people's religion
You've taken
for your own selfish purposes,
and manipulated it
pretended to be their Sages.
Who's to say we aren't
their Sages, Captain?
Don't be ridiculous.
The song is sung of Sages
who can perform miracles,
our replicator, we do.
which, thanks to
The song is sung of men
coming from the sky
on a burning flame--
when we crash-landed
our shuttle
little town square,
in their quaint
trailing behind us
of burning plasma.
a roaring ribbon
You mean we really
are the Sages?
The point is, Captain,
that these people
have believed
for centuries
known as the Sages,
that gods,
would deliver them
from their strife.
To them...
we are those Sages.
when they lose their gods?
What happens to a people
Despair...
Mm-hmm.
Fear...
Mmm...
Confusion.
And how can you...
as a moral people,
the spiritual structure
blithely tear down
that has supported a community
since before their gods
were flesh?
be leaving them with?
What would you
Tell us, Arridor,
tell us.
Darkness...
Doubt...
Hopelessness.
That was beautiful.
Mr. Tuvok...
transport them back
to the surface.
We did it, Arridor.
We won.
We can't just leave
the Ferengi there
to continue exploiting
those poor people.
But Arridor is right.
their gods either.
We can't kidnap
What other option is there?
didn't just disappear
What if the gods
suddenly and inexplicably?
voluntarily? Gracefully?
What if they left
people would be prepared for it,
The gods would be gone, but
a natural, ordained occurrence.
and they might accept it as
Exactly.
But how do we get
two Ferengi
to just walk away
from a monopoly
on an entire economy?
What motivates a Ferengi?
Profit.
Then we must find
a way to make it
for them to leave.
more profitable
Or less profitable to stay.
How do we do that?
We have to out-Ferengi...
the Ferengi.
Mmm.
There we are.
the matter/antimatter generator
I've reconfigured
to produce an ionic
disruption field
around the temple square.
unexpected beam-outs.
No more
Let's see how smart
those humans
think they are now.
( loud knock at door )
Kafar!
You called, Great Sage?
has the audacity
Find out who
our Divine Vault.
to disturb us in
Uh...
And make it quick.
to disturb the Holy Sages
Who has the audacity
in their Divine Vault?
Grand Nagus!
Not the Grand Nagus.
I'm his official messenger--
the Grand Proxy.
But, Grand Proxy,
how did you...?
Through the Barzan wormhole.
The humans stabilized it
and were kind enough
temporarily,
to send a probe through
informing us of your...
impressive operation.
Well, of course
the Grand Nagus,
or his official messenger
the Grand Proxy,
is always
welcome in our
little world--
our rather poverty-stricken
and we're thrilled he
has taken an interest
in our very modest operation.
If I were you,
I'd save the groveling
for the Nagus himself.
Y-You mean, the Grand Nagus
is coming here, too?
Of course not, you idiot.
You two are
going to him.
You've been recalled.
We're ruined.
Recalled?
You will be leaving immediately.
GRAND PROXY:
This is not a time
to lose one's lobes.
I'll think of something.
Perhaps the Grand Nagus
doesn't understand
that profits in this market
depend upon our presence.
we're, well... gods, actually.
You see, to these people,
Without us to make the fools
cower in submission,
no profits to be had.
there will be
all about your little scheme--
The Grand Nagus knows
"The Song of the Sages"
and all the rest of it.
Very clever.
and all your acquisitions
But he wants you
back on Ferenginar
before the wormhole
closes again.
I'm sure the Grand Nagus
wouldn't want to lose
such a lucrative
revenue stream.
The wormhole seems to open
and close on its own
every seven or eight years.
to forward a fair share
We would be willing
every time it does.
of the profits
Say, hmm... 20 percent?
That's coming out
of your half.
Shut up.
The Grand Nagus
has no intention
of losing profits
from this market.
That's why he's already
got a team of scientists
the human's technology--
investigating
to open and close the wormhole
to see if we can find a way
whenever we want.
the Grand Nagus
Then perhaps
recall one of us
could simply
and leave the other behind
to administer
the operation.
You could take Kol
back with you.
I don't think that...
Hey, wait a minute!
That's enough!
has recalled you both.
The Grand Nagus
It's nonnegotiable.
Of course, the Nagus
doesn't want to upset
the local population.
He may want to send others
in your place.
That's why he wants you
to make a little speech
telling the people that their
Holy Sages have been recalled
to the Divine Treasury,
or whatever it is the people
around here call it.
to tell them not to worry--
Then he wants you
will be all right without you.
that everything
Then he wants you to thank them
for their generosity.
Thank them?
The 299th Rule of Acquisition--
"Whenever you exploit someone,
it never hurts to thank them.
to exploit them the next time."
That way, it's easier
Wait a minute.
There's only 285
Rules of Acquisition.
a very long time.
You've been gone
Oh...
that the Nagus is appropriating
By the way, did I mention
all your holdings?
What?
All?
All.
The least you can
do is let us keep
the females.
I'll be back in 20 minutes
to approve your speech.
I suggest you start writing.
You!
Come with me!
Greater Sage.
Of course,
What are we going to do?
What a Ferengi always does
in a situation this grave.
No, you idiot!
Panic?
He goes to the Rules
of Acquisition.
Oh.
and fully annotated
Unabridged
with all 47 commentaries,
and minor judgments,
all 900 major
considered opinions.
all 10,000
for every conceivable situation.
There is a Rule
Looks like Neelix is pulling off
quite a performance.
There you are.
Don't push.
There's plenty to go around.
Oh, you're quite welcome.
Is he another Sage?
a Sage give away money?
Have you ever seen
"Grand proxy, avoidance of..."
Mm-mm.
"Grand proxy, censure by..."
encounters with..."
"Grand proxy,
"See 'hopeless situation.'"
I told you there was no rule.
Then it's time
to invoke the unwritten rule.
The unwritten rule?
When no appropriate
rule applies...
make one up.
( chuckles )
That's a very good rule.
Now, let's see...
What should it be?
The Grand Proxy is the Nagus's
official messenger, right?
I've got it.
to appropriate your profits...
When the messenger comes
kill the messenger.
( chuckling )
( laughing gleefully )
Thank you!
Arridor!
Kol!
Show yourselves!
the Grand Nagus waiting!
We can't keep
If you say so.
What is the meaning of this?
You're not very bright
for a Grand Proxy.
Ex-Grand Proxy.
But the Grand Nagus...
Is on the other side
of the galaxy.
( yells )
( grunting )
Wait!
I'm not...
I'm not the Grand Proxy.
Who are you then?
Oh, no?
Stop! My name is Neelix.
Neelix? That's not
a Ferengi name.
Wait!
I'm not Ferengi.
What?
I've never even met
the Grand Nagus.
A likely story.
It's true.
I'm wearing a disguise.
I'm really a Talaxian,
a crewman on Voyager.
If you're not Ferengi,
prove it!
I'm not sure how.
Doesn't that hurt?
I can't feel a thing.
He really isn't a Ferengi.
On your feet.
All right,
Talaxian,
back to your ship.
And tell those humans
out of our pockets...
to keep their hands
or else.
And stay out!
We won.
We won!
No, my friend.
Not exactly.
To be precise...
we won again.
( laughs )
What happened?
Suffice it to say,
they know I'm not
the Grand Proxy.
Oh, great.
Let's get to the shuttle.
Who are you?
I'm... uh...
well...
You are another Holy One,
aren't you?
That's right.
Uh... another Holy One.
Then you'll appreciate this.
"The Sages in the sky did dwell
that held them well,
"upon white clouds
"until the sentry rang the bell,
the Holy Sages never fell."
That'll be three frangs, please.
But we didn't ask
you to recite it.
You heard it, didn't you?
Your poem's very nice,
but we're in a hurry.
CHAKOTAY:
No, please, sir.
My eye.
about your eye, really, but...
Look, friend, I'm sorry
Wait a minute.
Wasn't your patch...
on the other side?
Oh.
Sir?
We've got to go.
Wait, please.
another verse gratis.
I'll throw in
"But when the ringing
called them here,
they did appear..."
from the sky
Tell me something.
What happens to the Sages
at the end of the song?
Oh... let me see now.
The final verse.
It's been a very long time,
you know.
Um...
Those are very handsome shoes
you have, sir.
Ah, yes.
back to me now.
It's coming
the eastern lights,
"And there amid
appeared that night
"three new stars
"and with the ringing
of the bell,
where they must dwell.
"the Sages knew
"The Holy Pilgrim led them back,
"high into the sky of black
on the wings of fire,
"and riding
rose higher and higher..."
the holy men
Wait a minute.
I know who you are.
I am the Holy Pilgrim.
( insects chirping )
( clears throat )
Did you hear that?
The Holy Pilgrim.
The Holy Pilgrim?
PARIS: The Holy Pilgrim!
The Holy Pilgrim!
CHAKOTAY:
( crowd exclaiming outside )
I have come
to fulfill the destiny
in "The Song of the Sages."
that is prophesied
What in the name
of eternal destitution
is going on here?
Ah, there you are.
Do you not recognize me?
I am the Holy Pilgrim.
The Holy Pilgrim?
Who's the Holy Pilgrim?
Quiet, you idiot.
This man is no Holy Pilgrim.
He's a Talaxian!
Talaxian?
ALL:
Oh, no, Great Sage.
You are mistaken.
the Holy Pilgrim
I am indeed
of the Sages" promises,
and just as "The Song
to lead you back,
"I have come
high into the sky
of black."
( startled murmuring )
for this day to come.
I have prayed
Lead them back.
CROWD ( chanting ):
Lead them back. Lead them back.
Lead them back.
What do they mean,
lead us back?
I don't know. It must be
part of the song.
listened to the whole thing.
I told you we should've
as though you two
Well, it looks
will be heading off to see
the Grand Nagus after all.
We'll see about that.
This man...
This man?
Is a false pilgrim.
( crowd exclaiming )
He's come to steal
your profits.
( shocked exclamations )
I'm not a false pilgrim
and I'll prove it.
That's our cue.
Chakotay to Voyager.
On my mark.
the photon burst, Mr. Kim.
Stand by to initiate
Aye, Captain.
Captain, I am still unable
to penetrate
the Ferengi dampening field.
experiences difficulties,
If the away team
we will be unable
to beam them out.
Keep working on it.
In the meantime,
we'll just have to rely
on their ingenuity
to get themselves out of there
if trouble arises.
The song says that
"Amid the eastern lights,
three new stars
appeared that night."
( all agreeing )
Look, my friends.
Look.
Right up there.
Now.
Initiating photon bursts.
( all gasping )
( gasping )
It's a trick.
He's a fraud, I tell you.
Kafar, arrest this man.
Well, arrest him!
( yelling )
Ow! Stop!
My ears!
What do you think
you're doing?!
Like the song says,
Lesser Sage...
"With the ringing of the bell,
where they must dwell."
the Sages knew
( yelling )
Ow!
Like the song says,
you Sages, it's time for you
to go back where
you came from.
Yes! Yes!
MALE:
To the sky!
And they must go
on wings of fire!
Wings of fire! Wings of fire!
ALL:
Wings of fire!
( crowd yelling )
This is outrageous!
We are your gods!
I am your god.
Look, we are your gods.
We're the Sages.
Hands off of your god.
No. No.
Wait a minute, people.
There's no reason to interpret
"The Song of the Sages"
so literally.
Kafar!
Kafar! Stop them!
the destiny of the Sages.
We are fulfilling
and I have come to tell you
I am the Holy Pilgrim
that there's another verse
to the song.
It's uh, uh...
Please, don't burn
the Holy Ones.
Holy Pilgrim,
I am sorry,
part of the song.
but that's not
Wings of fire! Wings of fire!
CROWD ( chanting ):
Wings of fire!
would be a very good time
Commander, I think now
for that beam-out.
Wings of fire! Wings of fire!
CROWD:
Wings of fire!
Wings of fire! Wings of fire!
We've got to disable
the dampening field,
so they can beam us
out of here.
Where's the generator?
In the vault!
BOTH:
Wings of fire!
CROWD:
Wings of fire! Wings of fire!
Wings of fire!
( chanting continues )
a transporter lock, Captain.
We still cannot establish
the annular confinement beam.
Boosting power to
Arridor?
What is it now?
We had seven years
of pure profit.
We did, didn't we?
I can't shut it down.
Stand back.
The Holy Ones have ascended!
( crowd cheering )
Is everyone okay down there,
JANEWAY:
Commander?
in one piece, Captain.
We're all here
Good work.
Report to the Bridge as soon
as everything is in order.
We'll be entering the wormhole
in approximately seven minutes.
Acknowledged.
through any wormhole
We're not going
without our possessions.
Listen, friend, you're
lucky to be alive.
We beamed your shuttle
to the shuttle bay.
of your possessions,
As for the rest
they're back in the
hands of the people
you stole them from.
escort these men
Ensign Murphy,
to secured quarters.
This is outrageous.
personally responsible
I'll hold you
for any losses we suffer.
We'll sue!
Shield status, Mr. Tuvok.
Shields are optimal.
engage maneuvering thrusters
Mr. Paris,
and ease us into position.
Aye, Captain.
Sick Bay to Lieutenant Tuvok.
DOCTOR:
Go ahead, doctor.
Ensign Murphy was just found
unconscious on Deck 2.
It's a severe concussion.
We suspect foul play.
Murphy was escorting
the Ferengi
to their quarters.
Captain, security
TUVOK:
in the shuttle bay.
has been breached
Seal that airlock,
Mr. Tuvok.
The Ferengi have phasered
the shuttle bay door.
They are exiting the ship.
Activating emergency
containment field.
They're setting a course
for the planet, Captain.
Lock a tractor beam
on to that shuttle.
The gravitational effects
of the wormhole
are refracting the beam.
I can't get a lock.
The Ferengi are hailing us,
Captain.
On screen.
Thank you for all your
assistance, humans.
doing business with you.
It was lovely
We'll be heading
back into orbit
acquisitions aboard.
to transport our
( both laughing )
Beam those men back
JANEWAY:
now, Mr. Kim.
I'm trying, but the targeting
scanners are out of phase.
Try setting the scanners
subspace frequency.
to a narrow-band
What is it?
( alarm beeps )
They're trying to beam us
back to their ship again.
of subspace carrier wave.
They're using some sort
Do something!
Shields to maximum.
Shields are at maximum!
Send out a high-energy
graviton pulse.
Let's see their transporter
signal cut through that.
Captain, the Ferengi
are emitting
a graviton pulse.
It's throwing the targeting
scanners off again.
destabilizing the wormhole.
Not only that, it's
Captain, a gravitational eddy
from the wormhole
the Ferengi shuttle.
is attracting
They're being pulled in.
Reverse thrusters!
They're off-line!
( both screaming )
wormhole collapses, Mr. Paris.
Follow them in before that
Aye, Captain.
PARIS:
Resetting
the coordinates.
to the wormhole is moving.
Captain, the entrance
The Ferengi graviton pulse
its rotational momentum.
must have increased
Adjusting course to follow.
( console buzzing )
( sighs )
It's too fast for us, Captain.
I need more speed.
Mr. Tuvok, divert auxiliary
power to the thrusters.
It's not enough.
Initiate a high intensity
impulse burst.
Mr. Kim, reinitiate
the verteron field.
Maybe we can attract
the wormhole back.
The Ferengi graviton pulse
knocked the wormhole
its subspace axis.
completely off
It's jumping erratically
now on both ends.
Options?
There are none.
Mr. Paris, reset a course
for the Alpha Quadrant.
Warp 6.
Aye, Captain.
Look.
The Holy Ones are going home!
KAFAR: